>> Erik Reinert: The next steps are really
going to be building out the pipeline,
but at the bare minimum,
this is all you need to get started.
Just a couple of lines and
running the make command that
you're already running locally.
While this is running in the background,
the next thing we want to do is,
or actually I'm curious if
anyone can guess right,
we have the build image,
but we don't have the push.
We wanna add the push.
But what is something that
GitHub Actions may need
that you also need to push to Amazon?
>> Speaker 2: CLI.
>> Erik Reinert: CLI and-
>> Speaker 3: Secrets.
>> Erik Reinert: Secrets.
Exactly.
Yes.
So what we want to do now is
we want to solve the problem.
You can see here my
pipeline was successful.
So if I go back to my pr,
I have a green check mark.
Awesome.
We're all good to go.
But I'm not pushing yet and
I want to make sure that I can.
So what we want to do is we want
to create a user in IAM that
the GitHub Actions Runner will use
to authenticate with Amazon and
pull and push and do everything
that it needs to with Amazon.
So what I'm going to do is I'm
going to log back into Amazon,
I'm going to go to the console
>> Erik Reinert: And
I'm going to go to the IAM section here.
So once I get to the IAM section,
I'm going to click on Users again and
I'm going to create a user.
I'm going to call this Fem FD
service GitHub Actions,
just so that I know that
it's a GitHub Actions user.
Then I'm going to click the next button.
I'm going to click
Attach Policies directly.
Now, before the next thing I do,
I want you to be aware that you
do not have to do it this way.
I am going to be lazy and
give the key access to my entire Amazon
account with every resource inside of it.
Now, that does mean that if my CI was to
be exploited in any way, shape or form and
they got these credentials, they could
literally do whatever they wanted in my
Amazon account as a future thing
that you can do if you want,
you can set up more granular
permissions to make it.
So I only want you to pull or effectively
whatever you're going to do in CI,
put the permissions in there to make it so
that those are the only things
that this key can do for now.
To just unblock us and not have to
worry about this, I'm just going to do.
But as I said before, with the user that
you've created Just be aware that these
are root level credentials and
stuff like that.
I'm going to click that.
I'm going to hit next and
then I'm going to click Create User.
Bam.
There we go.
I have created an entire new user.
Now, just like we created the service or
the credentials before for
the local access if you needed to, right?
We're going to click on that user, we're
going to go to Security credentials and
then in here I'm going
to create an access key.
So I'm going to click Create Access key.
I'm going to click on Command line
interface because we want to use
it the exact same way that we do locally.
Click.
I understand.
Click next and
then click Create Access key.
And there we go.
Now I have my access key and
my secret access key.
So what I'm going to do really quickly is
I'm just going to download the CSV just so
that I have it.
Now what we want to do is we actually
want to go to GitHub Actions and
add these as secret
values to our pipeline.
So what we're going to do is we're going
to go back to GitHub Actions, we're going
to go to Settings or not GitHub Actions,
but GitHub, we're going to go to Settings,
we're going to click on Secrets and
variables and then click Actions.
Now, what you'll see is you'll see that
I already have an access key ID or
an AWS Secret access key and
kind of spoilers for
in the future and
also a goose DB string, right?
So what I want you to do is I want
you to create two new variables or
two new secrets.
Access Key ID and
Secret access key in this repository.
And so to do that you'll just grab
the value or the key that you want,
click New Repository Secret, paste in
the name and then paste in the value and
click Add Secret.
So I'm going to do that really quickly
off screen so I don't dox myself and
you take care of it now.
So the next thing I want you to add is I
want you to go to the Variables tab and
if you notice I also have
variables that exist in my repo.
However, you'll notice that
these variables I can read.
So there's two ways of managing
configuration values in GitHub Actions.
The first way is by secrets and
the second way is by variables.
TLDR variables are unencrypted,
secrets are encrypted.
So if you go to Secrets, you will never
see the value that you put in whereas
normal variables you will
actually see the value.
They're nice because at
least you can see them.
They're a little bit easier to manage.
So I don't try and
put everything in secrets.
You can if you want, but
if it doesn't actually have to be
a secret I don't recommend it.
Just make it a variable.
And so you'll see here that
the other two variables
I want you to add are your account ID and
your default region.
In this case we are using Remember US West
2, so be sure to do that.
So you'll click New Repository variable
right here New Repository variable and
then you'll give it AWS Account ID or
AWS Default region.
Paste those in, add those variables and
then you should see two new entries with
your account ID and your default region.
And if you want to get your
account ID again you can
do that by the top right hand corner in
the console click on your little name and
then you should see
Account ID right there.